Update localization guide for RTL dynamic config (#27294)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/localization.mdx

<Collapsible summary="Dynamically overriding RTL settings">

If you want to override the default RTL detection from your application code dynamically, you cannot set the `supportsRTL` key in app config to any value – remove it from the config.

You can use the code snippet below to enable RTL layouts on LTR or RTL locales – this requires an application reload to apply changes.
This also does not work in Expo Go, as Expo Go resets RTL preferences when opening the launcher or individual projects.

> On iOS, you will need to add the RTL language bundles. If you're using continous native generation, use the config plugin:
> If you're not using continous native generation, you can follow the general steps outlined in [this React Native doc](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2016/08/19/right-to-left-support-for-react-native-apps#making-an-app-rtl-ready).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS, you will need to add the RTL language bundles. If you're using [Continuous Native Generation (CNG)](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/), use the config plugin. If you're not using CNG, you can follow the general steps outlined in this [React Native blog post](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2016/08/19/right-to-left-support-for-react-native-apps#making-an-app-rtl-ready).
```
